Below suggestions: 
1. Designation of Tehmuras Modi is PRESIDENT
2. Designation of Zawareh WAdia is Managing Trustee
3. Remove (Head Priest) where you have mentioned Panthaky. i.e Title to my introduction. 
4. Lineage of Turel Family is wrong it should be Ervad Rustamji, Ervad Jamasji, Ervad Khurshedji, Ervad Dadabhai, Ervad Dorabji, Ervad Nariman, Ervad Jamshedji, and Ervad Parvez. Instead of "Ervad Rustamji, Ervad Jamasji, Ervad Jamshedji, and their descendants", 
5. Varasyaji is included in Trustee Session. Is it possible to make new Tab for Varasyaji. If possible we can also add 2-3 sentences stating that looking at the necessity the trustees with the help of beneficient donor have decided to make a stable for Varasyaji in the year 2024. The room was inaugurated on _____ 
6. Designation of Khojestee Mistry is wrong. He is Not Ervad and also not a Head Priest. 
7. We need to add Permanent Account number of Donor in Donor Column. 
8. We also need to mention Bank account number and details so that donor can send cheques through Post / Courier. 
9. in "Your Impact Session on Donate" we need to correct / modify few things. 
10. In Goti History we need to add one theory that Pandole group considers this Fire as that of Iran. 
11. In address there are 2 corrections. need to mention 7/1381 and Variali Bazar instead of Variadi Bazar. 
12. In Day yo day Rituals, we need to add Machi, Afargan, Farokshi, Jashan, Fareshta, Yazashne, Vandida. 
13. In Prayer Schedule, we need to change timing of Ushaein Geh upto 5.30 am. 
14. in Memorial Service it is mentioned as Geh Sarna (Prayer Periods). Can we remove Prayer Periods. 
15. Also we need to add below after Chahrum i.e 10th day, 1 month, 6 month and finally yearly. 
16. In Fire Ceremonies we need to add BOI after Daily Fire tending Rituals.
17. Also need to mention "Machi" after Blessing Rituals. 
18. Can we have one tab for Gallery where we can add few photos of Adarian. Older ones and few Flood ones. 
19. We need to get historical timeline checked by someone.